Waterlily
Water Lilies are a perennial tuber water plant. It is native to Europe. 
Water Lilies go dormant in Winter and will start growing again in Spring before flowering later on
in late Spring to mid Summer. Their flowers come in many colours including apricots, pinks, reds, 
whites and yellows where most varieties will open their flowers in the morning and close them again 
at night. The flowers are held just above the glossy leaves that have distinctively smooth edges 
and lay upon the water surface.

Tulip
Tulips came from Central Asia where they grew as a wildflower. They were first cultivated in Turkey 
around 1000 AD. The tulip name actually comes from the Turkish word for 'turban' for their similar 
appearances. Tulips were brought over to Europe in the 16th century by a biologist called Carolus 
Clusius. And by the 17th century, the popularity of tulips soared. The Netherlands loved tulips so 
much a phenomenon named 'the tulip mania' came in and caused the price of the flowers to skyrocket, 
crashing the markets.

Rose
Rows and rows of roses are what you're often met with when you enter most flower shops or floral 
departments. One of the most popular cut flowers in the floral industry, over the years, the 
fragrant, multi-petaled flower has become the popular choice for a wide variety of celebrations 
and cultural practices around the world.
Roses of different colours mean different things, and roses are still the most popular choice for 
expressing affection for another human being.
		
Carnation
Carnations, scientifically known as Dianthus caryophyllus, are like the celebrities of the floral 
kingdom. With their frilly petals and a captivating fragrance that can make your senses dance, 
these flowers are a true feast for the eyes and nose alike. Their colors range from classic whites, 
pinks, and reds to vibrant yellows and purples. What makes carnations truly stand out is their 
fringed or serrated petals, giving them a unique and intricate appearance.

Gerbera
In cheerful, warm colours or cooler pastels, gerberas bloom throughout the summer months.
They have long been grown as houseplants, summer bedding and for cut flowers, and new hardy forms 
are further increasing their versatility and appeal.
The bold daisy flowers come in a wide array of colours – reds, oranges, yellows, purples, pinks and 
white – often rich and vibrant but also softer tones. These long-lasting flowers stand above dense 
clumps of foliage.

Chrysanthemum
Chrysanthemums (mums) are one of the most popular fall garden flowers.
Most mum plants are easy to grow with their basic needs being full sun, rich soil, good drainage, 
and good air circulation.
There are hundreds of varieties available in a range of shapes and sizes that can provide blooms 
from late summer through fall.
Chrysanthemums symbolize different things in different countries: life and rebirth in Asia, 
sympathy in Europe, and respect and honor in America.

Gladiolus
The perennial gladiolus flower is known and loved for its tall, sword-like stalk and its 
trumpet-shaped flowers, which bloom in an array of beautiful, bold colours.
Gladioli make the perfect statement flower in any arrangement and have been traditionally gifted 
for some of life's most special celebrations, including anniversaries, Valentine's Day, and 
birthdays.